docs: extend skip rules example (#735)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/review/lint-prose/_index.md

## Skip rules

> To skip a rule, enclose the section with HTML comments that first disable, and then re-enable the specific Vale rule. Include the specific rule name in the comment, for example `Grafana.We` or `Grafana.Google.Ellipses`. The `Grafana.Quotes` rule is a made up example rule to illustrate how to disable a rule.
> 
> To disable the `Grafana.Quotes` rule:

Reviewer: Fixing the rule name for [`Grafana/GoogleEllipses`](https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/blob/main/vale/Grafana/GoogleEllipses.yml)

```suggestion
To skip a rule, enclose the section with HTML comments that first disable, and then re-enable the specific Vale rule.
Include the specific rule name in the comment, for example `Grafana.We` or `Grafana.GoogleEllipses`. 
The `Grafana.Quotes` rule is a made up example rule to illustrate how to disable a rule.

To disable the `Grafana.Quotes` rule:
```

Reviewer 2: Why use a "fake" rule and have to explain it's fake? Can't we illustrate this with a real rule?

Reviewer: That makes sense to me. It seems that this was a typo of [`Grafana.GoogleQuotes`](https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/blob/main/vale/google.jsonnet#L31) that has been removed.

Reviewer: I guess it shouldn't matter really if the rule is real or not after we have the explanation that you need to include the name of the rule you want to disable:

```suggestion
To skip a rule, enclose the section with HTML comments that first disable, and then re-enable the specific Vale rule. Include the specific rule name in the comment, for example `Grafana.We` or `Grafana.Google.Ellipses`.

To disable the `Grafana.Quotes` rule:
```

Reviewer: I've reopened this conversation because I think it's unresolved.

Author: @clayton-cornell If you've got a real example, I'm happy to include it.  I've only skipped a rule once and I didn't think it was a great example to publish.

Reviewer 2: There are several in https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/main/docs/sources/write/shortcodes/index.md (and other places).... `<!-- vale Grafana.GooglePassive = NO -->` for example.
